{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Being a core interest implicated in our market research, great attention was dedicated to the graphics module of the game. Graphics usages included: the splash screen; the game world; the objects within the game; and the user interface. Each of these graphics applications went through a design process involving input from the whole group.\
\
Splash screen:\
Concept sketches were produced and put up for team input. One design was favoured and further developed into a colour sketch, which was then translated into a digital painting; details like scenery were developed upon with input from group members.\
[include scans of sketches]\
\
Game world:\
The game world consisted of a large grass background stretching beyond the extents of the viewing window which could necessarily be scrolled along. Initially, a green rectangle was used, but this was later replaced with a repeating drawn grass texture. This original grass texture unfortunately didn\'92t tile well, so the final grass used in the game is a placeholder: a stock image sourced from Google Images.\
\
Game objects:\
Placeholder stock images sourced from Google Images were again exploited for flowers, the spider, and \'91Garry, the ice cream man\'92. The hive image was drawn without considerable development, while the stars of the game \'96 the bees \'96 were developed through a series of sketches put up to a vote. The accessory flight goggles indicating that the bee was part of the initially planned \'91scout class\'92 remain in use for all bees, as a class system was ultimately never implemented in the final product. The decision to leave the goggles on display was simply that we felt their mere presence added character to the bee.\
\
User interface:\
Design of the user interface was delegated to one member in the group, then implemented by another. This initial implementation suffered from an illegible font, lack of colour hierarchy and co-ordination, and unlabelled buttons. Incremental changes to the interface (based on in-practice navigability and user-friendliness) were gradually made with input from everyone, resulting in a compact and responsive interface that was intuitive enough for the target users to operate when finally exposed to the product [see section ___ ].}